feat(template-starter): add channel details page (#2550)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/fifty-fireants-judge.md

---
'@commercetools-frontend/application-shell': minor
---

Add a new `<SuspendedRoute>` component.

> This component should be used to render a lazy loaded component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component is exactly like the `<Route>` component of `react-router` but it wraps the children with `React.Suspense`, allowing the children to be dynamically loaded with `React.lazy`. This can be used for code splitting components at the route level.
```
